removed the required from the port arg and added varification in the … (#23984)
demisto/content: Packs/EDL/Integrations/EDL/EDL_description.md

<~XSIAM>
**Note**: Do not set `username` and `password` in the integration instance if you are running the integration via the hosted instance. The `username    and `password` fields are for usage when running the integration via an on-prem engine.

> **Note2**: If no `Listen Port` param was given and the test button is clicked, the test will run with a defualt port 1111. After pressing `save & exit` a new free port will be assigned to the `Listen Port` parameter automaticlly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If no `Listen Port` param was given and the test button was clicked, the test will run with the default port 1111. After pressing `save & exit` a new free port will be assigned to the `Listen Port` parameter automatically.
```

> **Note**: If no `Listen Port` param was given and the test button was clicked, the test will run with the default port 1111. After pressing `save & exit` a new free port will be assigned to the `Listen Port` parameter automatically.

Reviewer 2: This description is not accurate.
In XSOAR 6.x it'll still require to fill the port manually, or keep using 1111, no?

Author: This Note is in the <XSIAM></~XSIAM> so i guess this note is not relevant for XSOAR. But after a second thought, it is relevant to XSOAR NG so i will need this documents for XSOAR as well.

2. You can access the External Dynamic List at the following url: `https://edl-<cortex-xsiam-address>/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`.
3. For example to test via curl with an instance with instance name: `EDL_instance_1`, XSIAM address `my-xsiam-subdomain.us.paloaltonetworks.com` and credentials test/password:
```
curl -v -u test:password https://edl-my-xsiam-subdomain.us.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/ELD_instance_1
```

**Note**: The External Dynamic List is not be accessible via web browsers and you will receive a unauthorized error if accessing the External Dynamic List via a browser.

</~XSIAM>
<~XSOAR>
**Note**: By default, the route to access the Generic Export Indicators Service by instance name will be open without security hardening and might expose you to network risks. Cortex XSOAR recommends that you use the service with a username and password. Click **Switch to username and password** and provide the credentials that must be used to access the service.

> To access the Generic Export Indicators Service by instance name, make sure ***Instance execute external*** is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the Generic Export Indicators Service by instance name, make sure *Instance execute external* is enabled.
```
